fix: Remove consul on docs 4.0 (#1399)
edgexfoundry/edgex-docs: docs_src/microservices/configuration/ConfigurationAndRegistry.md

## Registry Provider

EdgeX Foundry’s default provider for the registry is Core Keeper, which facilitates service registration, discovery, and health checking. Integration with Core Keeper for registry functions is handled through the `go-mod-registry` module.

### Introduction to Registry

> The registry enables microservices to locate and communicate with each other. Each service registers with Core Keeper on startup, and Core Keeper performs regular health checks. Other services can use the registry to discover available services, hosted at the registered endpoints.

Reviewer: do we need to replace this section?

Author: reverted

    # ${DATA_FOLDER} could be any folder to put the data files of Consul and it needs the read/write permission.
    ```

> 4.  Verify the result: <http://localhost:8500/ui>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4.  Verify the result by calling its API, refer to the [Core Keeper API documentation](../../api/core/Ch-APICoreKeeper.md).
```
